Include the scalar tensor auto-transfer in the doc (#119967)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/tensor_attributes.rst

   >>> torch.randn((2,3), device='cuda:1')
   >>> torch.randn((2,3), device=1)  # legacy

.. note::

>    Scalar Tensors (with tensor.dim()==0) are automatically transferred to the GPU device due to the efficiency of this operation. Non-scalar Tensors, however, are not auto-transferred. Additionally, the automatic transfer of Scalar Tensors is uni-directional, only from CPU to GPU, and not vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Tensors are never moved automatically between devices and require an explicit call from the user. Scalar Tensors (with tensor.dim()==0) are the only exception to this rule and they are automatically transferred from CPU to GPU when needed as this operation can be done "for free".
```

Author: Sure, this is much more clear! Thanks for the suggestions.
